338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_hypershift-alternatively.md

<Highlight type="note">

Alternatively, if you have data in an existing database, you can migrate it

> directly into your new Tiger Cloud service using hypershift. For more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly into your new $SERVICE_LONG using hypershift. For more information
```
